Thank you, Mr. Ip.
There's something I want to talk to you about.
Is that sports car in front of the Qin family?
Is the person who got in the car Master Lin?
Mr. Han, you must have read it wrong.
Then even if Master Lin is compared to me
I don't even have the qualification to drive you.
How could it have anything to do with the Qin family?
Why is this trash here?
I'm afraid it's not here to make trouble, right?
Today is the Big Four
The big day to promote our family
Don't let him in
Forestry, you and my daughter have divorced
I won't forgive you for messing around again
Forestry, where did you get such a beautiful jade pendant?
At first glance, it's not something you can afford.
Did you steal my sister's stuff?
Your sister will never touch this jade pendant in her life
Dare to hide this jade, did I pick it up?
I took my sister and I knew it at a glance
How dare you take it?
If it weren't for me
You are not even qualified to see this jade